Hi there, Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai here
Today, I have a big announcement to you all
Somehow, finally, finally, finally
My Kizuna Ai Line stamps are on sale
Today, the 9th of November,
the Line official stamps will be released
There will be 24 stamps
and that's not all
they will have voices
There's a download URL in the description below
The shooting sessions for the stamps were fun
just like gravure shoots
I also did this and that
for example
[Hi there!]
Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai
[Good!]
An all-purpose reply
[Yes?]
It's kind of
insulting
[I'm sorry]
Whenever you have a friend get irritated at you
Even if he gets angry, it's gonna be fine
If you use this, somehow things will work out
[Crisis averted]
After the Ai-apology gets you forgiven
There, crisis averted
Just don't feel down, and keep staying positive
[a-wha-what?]
I'm liking the glasses and the bowtie there
[How's that?]
Look, look
"The smug face"
So close
Should I finish him off with the Haoh Sh*****ken?
[Let's be friends]
That was a little embarrasing
[Please wait a moment]
You can use this stamp for sudden technical difficulties
[It's the best!]
Even in technical difficulties I can be relied upon
I'm the best!
[It's perfect!]
In which ever way, this stamp is just perfect
[Guilty]
You who don't download my stamps are
Guilty!
[Not guilty]
You who download my stamps
I pronounce you not guilty!
[Please~]
That's why everyone,
Please~
Please
Please download my stamps
and then
We'll make a second series of stamps?
If everyone downloads this one?
No, no, I'm not cocky or anything. I'm sorry
Everyone, please feel free to use or play around with them
That's all
This was Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai